\documentclass[../main.tex]{subfiles}
\begin{document}

The fundamental problem of truth discovery is to resolve conflicts in a set of
claims from different sources. A na\"ive approach is to apply a \emph{majority
vote}, where the claim made by the largest number of sources is accepted.
Unfortunately, this is prone to yield poor results when the sources are not all
equally trustworthy. For example, the study in \cite{vosoughi} found that false
information on Twitter is shared more quickly and more widely than true
information. Applying a majority vote in the Twittersphere would therefore, in
many cases, select the \emph{false} information as correct.

The problem with the majority vote is that all sources are treated identically:
a claim from one source carries as much weight as a claim from any other. This
is contrary to how we judge the veracity of statements in everyday life, where
claims from trusted colleagues have considerably more weight that claims from
unknown persons (and especially people known to be \emph{untrustworthy}). Trust
can therefore be a valuable tool in resolving conflicting information, since
one expects that trustworthy sources are more likely to make accurate claims
than untrustworthy sources are.

Truth discovery therefore has two components: determining \emph{trust} and
\emph{belief} in sources and claims, and resolving conflicts in data. These are
tightly linked, since the trust evaluation is based on the claims in the input
data, and the claims to accept are based on the trust evaluation. Presently we
briefly review existing work in both resolving conflicts in data and trust
analysis, before reviewing existing work on truth discovery itself.

\subsection{Resolving conflicts in data}

There are numerous areas in the existing literature that deal with resolving
conflicts in data. In data mining, \emph{data fusion} considers aggregating
data from different sources into a single representation. Various approaches
have been suggested (see \cite{bleiholder} for a review): for example, taking a
majority vote (as discussed above), taking the most recent value as correct, or
ignoring objects entirely when a conflict exists.

Belief revision \cite{gardenfors} is set out in a logical framework, and
considers how to update a knowledge base upon receiving new information that
could cause the knowledge base to be inconsistent.

Argumentation theory takes an abstract view and considers a set of 'arguments'
which conflict with each other (known as 'attacking'). The structure of the
arguments is abstracted away, and only the network of which arguments attack
each other is considered. The aim is then to find sets of arguments that are
acceptable and consistent.

\todo{AA overview citation}

In a more general sense, social choice also deals with conflicts in data. Here
voters express preferences for a number of `alternatives' (e.g. candidates for
an election), and a social ordering of the alternatives is sought that reflects
the will of the voters. Difficulties may arise when there is no consensus among
the voters -- e.g. one voter's favourite outcome could be another's least
favourite. Although the notion of fairness present here is not applicable
to truth discovery, the issue of conflicts in the preferences of voters is
relevant.

\end{document}
